[Music]
I think it's doing a bit of a salsa on
my head hello I'm Yousef and this is bug
face where the world's weirdest creepy
crawlies prowl and frolic across your
favorite faces
this is today's crucial creature she's
ready to get the frightening facial to
die and buzz well this fiery redhead
creature is a professional dancer
vlogger and start of stage musicals she
joined the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing
in 2017 here in the UK in 2018 dan made
it all the way through to the final
let's see if she can make it through to
the end with this scary partner meet
Romford arena portent osa or as we know
her Rini this mighty creature is known
as a Madagascar hissing cockroach
she comes from island of Madagascar off
the coast of East Africa
Rini is seven centimetres long and can
make lots of hissing sounds so let's
hear what she's got to say to Diane
congratulations on making it to the bug
snug thank you very much I'm excited to
be here what do you think of this nudge
it's amazing I love it the colorings
really go well with my hair so thank you
for that are you totally ready to have a
live bug on your mug I definitely
wouldn't say totally ready but I'm semi
ready you're from Australia surely
there's no bugs that you're afraid of
the bogs in Australia some are deadly so
I am a little bit afraid of bugs and at
nighttime my mum would literally always
say make sure you sleep with your mouth
closed
because you never know what's gonna
creep inside your mouth and that's
always stuck with me that's some pretty
good advice that's scary isn't it so I
have this phobia of bugs being in my
mouth it is time to meet
Rini oh wow huge how many feet do they
have by the way
insects are called hexapods which means
to have six legs and they've got little
claws on the end of each leg Oh
brilliant
if I wasn't nervous before I'm
definitely nervous now
Rini is a Madagascar hissing cockroach
or gram fat Arina portent Oh sir
I'm glad you're saying that word and not
me so now that you've met Rimi
and the rest of her family how much
would you like one your face not a lot
but I'm gonna do it because I love a
good challenge the only thing really
they've got to worry about is the
Madagascan hissing cockroaches can
excrete on your face like number ones
and number two both numbers yeah both
both numbers great okay we know you're
gonna do brilliant thank you just in
case you don't know we've got you to
sign this disclaimer it's gonna last
penny yeah okay anything goes wrong okay
that makes me feel great just in case
there you go right you're going to eat
I'll put a smiley face next to it as
well thank remote for you rainy it's
time to put the bug on your mug and let
nature take its course
who doesn't love a challenge
right we've got some facts for you all
about Rini to read on the screen above
you you've got to read them nice and
slowly and clearly and correctly and the
moment you get through them all really
can come off your face and you get to
win your very own legendary BB CF kids
mug yes of always won one of
those mugs okay it's time for us to
infest your face
okay it's on your face so can we have
the first back for them oh gosh I said
it's gotta be nice and clear a
Madagascar hissing cockroach species me
here the next fact please man
number two the Madagascar hissing
cockroach gets its name from being able
to make different kisses coming here
fact number three please see you can
probably open your right eye
oh yeah the right eye definitely not the
left definitely not the left oh that's
it buddy you keep moving on there we go
Grum fur for enopp or turn Tosa forces
air through tiny homes on their belly
called spiracles all that word gives me
the fact number four
grandpa 4e now portent osa live on the
forest floor but also make great pets
brilliant can we have the next pack
please grown from four e na Porter no
sir if I keep up to saying that word
love to munch unfold and fruit and plant
waste keep going down
don't forget the legendary BBC earth
kids mouth it'll be yours oh
this is why I'm doing it
Gavin next back please number six grow
from FRES na patina Tosa have special
adhesive pads and hooks on their feet
while I can definitely feel those
allowing them to climb even on smooth
glass-like you go pack number seven bro
fedora now poor tuned totes I feel like
I change that word every time may not
have wings but do just fine scurrying
around on this back number eight
gromer fedora now poor Tina Tosa can be
like it's spell like Mary but
can be consumed by people in Madagascar
there quite a lot of protein on them as
they're quite meaty would you like to
eat
Rini here oh no way I could never eat
Rini number nine growing a fedora and a
porter Tosa can communicate through its
hiss it has three recognized forms
aggression or Kurtis ship its courtship
or courtship and disturbance oh I'm not
how'd you kiss yet mate maybe it feels
safe on my face I think it's doing a bit
of a salsa on my head good footwork last
fact no you're doing really well they're
male gromer fedora and a porter you're
ptosis have large horns on their head
really a great fighting tool for
territories alright we've done it I
think it's time to ready for it come off
so how was that experience for you was
not tickly yeah
then I thought it was going to be but
actually I feel like we bonded what was
the worst part of the experience
Rini grabbed my eyelid at one point and
yeah that was probably the most
uncomfortable part and and like I said I
have this phobia of bugs near my mouth
and really did like my mouth a bit but
other than that fist-pump give us six oh
yeah give her a six a high six there you
go ready is there any particular dance
routine that you would like to teach
Rini
I feel like Rini is more of a Latin
dancer yeah she's got some fast moves
there she was going from this side to
that side up and down so I'm gonna go
with more a salsa or even a Charleston I
reckon she could get a good Charleston
swivel on earth Rini congratulations on
making it through bug face and thank you
for exploring bands mush Diane you win
the legendary BBC earth kids bug faith
mugs thank you that's amazing
I can put that with all my other
trophies thank you thank you so much
really thank you Cheers
don't forget you can see all of our bug
faces on the BBC earth kids Channel
thanks for watching and we'll see you on
the next bug face thanks for watching
[Music]